docs: add first batch of Flow Notification examples (#622)
vaadin/docs: articles/ds/components/notification/index.asciidoc

- For a consistent user experience, use one or two positions throughout the application.
- Avoid using positions that may obstruct important parts of the UI, such as navigation.

> .The Flow styling issue

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Flow styling issue
```

- For a consistent user experience, use one or two positions throughout the application.
- Avoid using positions that may obstruct important parts of the UI, such as navigation.

> .The Flow styling issue
> [WARNING]
> ====
> At the moment, Flow renders notifications with rich content via
> intermediate `<flow-component-renderer />` which may break the CSS cascade
> and prevent the content from taking full width.
> 
> To work around this issue, add the following CSS snippet globally:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Flow styling issue
[WARNING]
====
The Flow notification component renders rich content via an intermediate `<flow-component-renderer>` element.
This can prevent notification content from using the full width, when using top stretch or bottom stretch positioning.
To work around this issue, add the following CSS rule to a global style sheet:
```

Also it would be good if the hint would not use a red border. This is more of an edge-case, but it currently looks like something super important that takes the readers focus away from the content. I would suggest to make it yellow if possible, or just use a regular note.

Author: Great corrections, thanks! Fixed.
